[DOCS] Add Synthetics details to release note (#157859)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Review the following information about the {kib} 8.8.0 release.

[float]
[[known-issues-8.8.0]]
=== Known issues

// tag::known-issue-155203[]
[discrete]
.Monitors in Synthetics may stop running
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
If Monitor Management was enabled prior to 8.6.0, the API key generated internally will not contain the required permissions. The Synthetics app will attempt to fix this automatically in {kibana-pull}155203[#155203] when a user with sufficient privileges visits this page for the first time after upgrading to 8.8.0.

*Impact* +

> All monitors configured to run on Elastic’s global managed testing infrastructure will stop running until a user with permissions has loaded the Synthetics app.

Reviewer: Do you think it would be helpful to link to [the docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/8.8/synthetics-role-setup.html) that have more details on what "sufficient privileges" are?

Author: Good suggestion, added

====
// end::known-issue-155203[]

// tag::known-issue-156798[]
[discrete]
.Network throttling disabled for browser monitors in Synthetics
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> Network throttling has been temporarily disabled for browser based Synthetics monitors running on Elastic’s global managed testing infrastructure and Private Locations. This will be enabled again at some point in the future. The latest information regarding this can be found https://github.com/elastic/synthetics/blob/main/docs/throttling.md[here].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Network throttling has been temporarily disabled for browser-based Synthetics monitors running on Elastic’s global managed testing infrastructure and private locations. This will be enabled again at some point in the future. We're providing frequent updates on this issue in https://github.com/elastic/synthetics/blob/main/docs/throttling.md[this document].
```

*Impact* +

> With network throttling being disabled, your monitors may run more quickly (i.e. have a lower duration) than you observed previously, and than when network throttling is enabled again in the future. No monitor configurations have been changed, but the network throttling settings are ignored at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With network throttling being disabled, your monitors may run more quickly (i.e. have a lower duration) than you observed previously and than when network throttling is enabled again in the future. No monitor configurations have been changed, but the network throttling settings are ignored at the moment.
```

*Impact* +
To attach alerts to cases, you must have `Read` access to an {observability} or Security feature that has alerts and `All` access to the **Cases** feature. For detailed information, check link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/kibana-privileges.html[{kib} privileges] and link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/setup-cases.html[Configure access to cases]. 
====

[discrete]
[[breaking-157234]]
.New alerts will be generated for Synthetics monitors
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> All monitor status alerts for the Synthetics app that are active at the time of upgrading will be resolved. A new alert will be created in its place, refer to {kibana-pull}157234[#157234].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All monitor status alerts for the Synthetics app that are active at the time of upgrading will be resolved. New alerts will be created automatically. Refer to {kibana-pull}157234[#157234].
```

====

[discrete]
[[breaking-156324]]
.New Synthetics errors for monitors running on private locations
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> All Synthetics errors that are in-progress for private locations at the time the stack is upgrading will be resolved. A new error state will take its place, refer to {kibana-pull}156324[#156324].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All Synthetics errors that are in progress for private locations at the time the stack is upgrading will be resolved. A new error state will take its place. Refer to {kibana-pull}156324[#156324].
```

[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> All monitor schedules in Synthetics app apart from the supported schedules have been deprecated. The only allowed schedules are every 1, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 60, 120, 240 minutes. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}154010[#154010] and {kibana-pull}154952[#154952].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synthetics now only accepts the following scheduling options for your monitors: every 1, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 60, 120, 240 minutes. Other choices that existed previously have been deprecated. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}154010[#154010] and {kibana-pull}154952[#154952].
```
Turning this around, feel free to ignore.
